Good morning, Mr. Bryce.
I trust the pickup ran smoothly.
Handoff was clean.
No stops till the exit point.
Clear roads all the way, chief...
Just as you predicted.
Thank you for agreeing to an earlier departure time,
Mr. Kurosawa.
I'm honored that you and your wives
Have entrusted a triple A protection service today.
Moving red to green option
Coming in on your vector.
Get the engine started.
I want immediate takeoff.
Air space has already been cleared.
Roger that.
All channels moving to
Restricted air space.
Shall we?
Mr. Kurosawa...
Safe travels.
Thank you very much, michael.
Another triple A delivery, sir.
Stay with him till he's airborne.
Yes, sir.
Canvas is clear?
Nothing for miles, chief.
Almost boring.
And what's our motto?
Boring is always best.
Move! Move!